---
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
isBasedOnUrl: null
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: "BerloAtelier\_Established by Eugen Berlo in 2007, BerloAtelier is a crossdomain venture dedicated to explore and work within a “Bigger Purpose and Field Conscience” using artistic and architectural means and processes, with active projects in private and public inhabited spaces.\_Our master believe is that great projects have strong aesthetic, functional and social ideas clad onto a core vision derived from the “Bigger Purpose Field Conscience”, and engaged by both the client and maker. We enter each project with a Design Intention, and push for simplicity and innovation. All with respect for environment, and site cultural and material values. With each project we like to take the integrated design route, and establish relationships that can build and develop future grounds."
datePublished: '2016-03-28T16:46:43.847Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-28T16:46:38.659Z'
title: About
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-14-95c659e9-76dc-427b-a5a1-c6d1b5dfd20f.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
_type: Blurb

---
**BerloAtelier **

Established by Eugen Berlo in 2007, [BerloAtelier][0] is a crossdomain venture dedicated to explore and work within a "Bigger Purpose and Field Conscience" using artistic and architectural means and processes, with active projects in private and public inhabited spaces. Our master believe is that great projects have strong aesthetic, functional and social ideas clad onto a core vision derived from the "Bigger Purpose Field Conscience", and engaged by both the client and maker. We enter each project with a Design Intention, and push for simplicity and innovation. All with respect for environment, and site cultural and material values. With each project we like to take the integrated design route, and establish relationships that can build and develop future grounds.

  
**Eugen Bogdan Berlo **

I am architect, mathematician, furniture designer and preposterous artist.  I like printmaking and utilizing word imagery to trendset, subvert or empower popular culture, see [WORDISIAC][1]. I am also running [pixr2.com][2], and it is I who designate all of my online presence and portfolios. I am obsessed to finding an obsession. With Bachelors in Math and Architecture from the University of Bucharest, I continued my education in Fine Arts at Fashion Institute of Technology of NYC. Prior to inception of [BerloAtelier][0], I worked as an architect for the New York City's most eminent architectural firms, including world's highly renowned Skidmore, Owings and Merrill (SOM) architectural, planning and engineering company.

**Contact** us at jointventure @ my site address

****

[0]: berlo.net
[1]: wordisiac.com
[2]: pixr2.com